# Blockchain-auth
Modern Healthcare industry has essential requirements related to the security and privacy of the users’ data. Health data typically includes a record of services received, conditions of those services, and clinical outcomes consequent of those services. Health data are stored in cloud storage or centralized server, making it a straightforward target for malicious attacks and private information being illegally shared. Patient’s authentication is the first line of defence to prevent unauthorized access to the health data. Authentication is used by the client and the server to know who exactly is making the requests. In authentication, the user has to prove its credentials to the server or client. Usually, authentication by a server uses a username and password. Without proper authentication protocols, the user’s health data is vulnerable, and this brings to the objective of the project. Therefore, the project’s objective is to provide an authentication scheme for a patient-centric blockchain network.

Way back in 2008, the concept of blockchain was introduced has distributed records of money exchanges without the need for a central authority. One of the main advantages of blockchain in healthcare is in the interoperability of health records, provide access to medical records, properties of blockchain-like decentralized storage, authentication system, privacy, and inclusion make it ideal for our use case. In this project, a blockchain network has been developed, which acts as a platform for a patient’s health data network. Through which transactions can be made like booking an appointment with the patient. For this network, this project explores different authentication systems available in blockchain and how each patient-centric use cases can be authenticated.

The blockchain network is set up as per as the requirements. The performance of the network is measured in terms of latency, throughput, send rate, and success rate for a different number of users. These parameters are helpful in understanding network performance during real-time loads. Projects also explain the inbuilt authentication system and how it is insufficient for the real-life use cases. As a result, a novel peer-referral authentication protocol has been designed and implemented. This authentication system is detailed in the project.

In this project, a novel authentication system using Hyperledger Fabric-based on blockchain technology to make patient-centric transactions. The proposed system solves this by conducting patient record transactions on the blockchain. Without authentication from the patient, unauthorized usage of health records becomes difficult. We also carried out the implementation of a referral authentication system and demonstrated the usability of the network in terms of throughput, latency, and other parameters. Finally, we have used the Hypereldger Fabric framework to design and implement the network and Hyperledger Calliper to test the network.

